unmanned aerial vehicles or UAVs or
drones played a prominent role in the
war in Afghanistan the drones have
civilian as well as military
applications in fact in the very near
future drones may be taking your
photograph or even delivering your pizza
as soon as you order an item online it
gets delivered to your front yard in 30
minutes you can enjoy warm peeps at home
within 10 minutes after ordering it
unmanned aerial vehicles or drones with
various use the era of high-tech
unmanned aircrafts have begun right
before our eyes bringing a revolution to
our lives this store located in a
department store in Seoul sells unmanned
aerial vehicles or drones various
low-end hobby grade drones price tabula
one thousand US dollars have been
released recently gaining popularity
from adults and those who enjoy outdoor
leisure activities Saguna guess my body
chose wrong tanyana piezo warriors I'm
Chicago who journeys Hong Kong little
gorgeous young saeng train Carnegie
chicken scratch elevator to receive
additional simba this product can be
controlled by a smartphone now the video
can be directly sent to you by email the
drone reduced risks for possible safety
related accidents by having a protective
film near its propellers with some
practice beginners or anyone can easily
play with it I would want to use them
probably like at a beach or like big
open space someplace where there was a
lot going on and get a different
perspective on it from
the unmanned aerial vehicle system or
UAV is guided by radio signals without a
pilot and controlled remotely from the
ground originally it was used the most
for military purposes but recently its
use is expanding indefinitely from
public use to commercial and personal
use UAV is also used in transporting
goods controlling traffic performance
security function and even filming a
us-based defense industry consulting
firm forecast the drone market to search
to 11.4 billion u.s. dollars in 2022 for
about five billion US dollars in 2010
drones are ICT device and they will play
a very interesting role because they can
be combined with the existing computer
system so they can be sent by computers
or any kind of our purpose so for
example they can be a sent to collect
data or they can be sent to deliver the
package so this can be on very good and
capable extension of the existing ICT
most of all drones are widely used in
public facilities they can carry out
military reconnaissance and conduct
military operations or scout mountains
to observe forest fires and spray
insecticides they are also effective in
assisting surveillance of security
facilities and real-time monitoring
tanjay tengo mucha Rowena dote on she's
our girl Holly plan sir alli y mucho
corazon de show you what happened in
their approach each a song you Nina coat
on patrol in una tienda y beyond was
held up to impact O'Connor's they click
on bonita the world's largest online
shopping site amazon has unveiled a
project called prime air as of last year
using a drone the company succeeded in
testing delivery of a product to the
order was located within 16 kilometers
from the distribution center
in 30 minutes there have been a similar
instance in Korea in april korea
advanced institute of science and
technology or heist held an event
delivering strawberries using only an
unmanned car and drone it raised hopes
for the potential of Korea's drone
industry as it was the first time an
unmanned delivery system has been
unveiled in Korea our research team at
Kaiser is until they almost demonstrated
the delivery UAV and it is technology
level is already quite mature the
problem is that out we don't really have
the proper legal support and this kind
of UAV however when we have the kind of
a support are very very promising to
deliver packages where the existing Road
or infrastructure are not existing so
they took these kind of UAVs can
directly fly to the destination with the
package delivery and the Delta breeze
exciting drones are also widely used as
filming equipment an example that
integrated such technologies was
unveiled in Korea a mobile carrier held
a live broadcast event recently filming
a wedding ceremony with lte-enabled
roams the event you're a lot of
attention as even the people who
couldn't attend the wedding could see
the live broadcast wedding with their
LTE smartphones like this the era of
drones will bring a huge revolution to
our lives through services with other
objects and meeting with ICT the use of
drones can expand infinitely but we
still have a long way to go until the
era of drones can materialize
technological problems as well as legal
and ethical problems related to crossing
borders and invading privacy still
remains
quinta da muneca i'm reading the truck
yo mika tan canaries condo nokia nada
mucho Pierre Petain sweet devon aire the
cool-blue near what he won't cling to
the readers will go prep october hace
una tanga y otros or protein calendar
donga anime on pursuing data to tear
open dad ray do you are and coaches
orientation can win and tomor Terry
that's the sweet and there are also huge
economic and institutional shortcomings
like countries and industries need to
support and improve on in order to
operate UAVs and civilian sector we need
a new kind of a law to support it and
you kind of operation roost support it
and also the infrastructure to operate
these systems recent to the Korean
government a pass the bill to support
you maybe be civilian application to
support the infrastructure from year
2014 to 2020 so after this is this work
is done we'll be able to see UAV is fly
in the sky doing daily job helping us
for data collection or delivering
package and that will enrich our daily
lives in a not-too-distant future we
will see countless number of drones
flying over our heads the Arab unmanned
aircraft where the drones will become
our future companions or invaders is a
problem all of us have to deal with